`RichTooltip/Popover` component - `RichTooltip` component documentation [04b] (#2040)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/rich-tooltip/index.md

---
title: Rich Tooltip

> description: The Rich Tooltip displays structured informational content that is non-essential to the user completing a task.

Reviewer: For the description, I would probably make this more similar to the `Tooltip` description while also explaining that it supports structured content. (So that the similarities and differences are clearer.)

Reviewer 2: @jorytindall

> caption: The Rich Tooltip displays structured informational content that is non-essential to the user completing a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caption: Provides additional structured informational content for a UI element.
```

Reviewer 2: @jorytindall
